I am writing this letter because [illegible mark] I am concerned--deeply concerned. I am not an “angry young woman.” I am mostly a sad one. Sad at the divi­sions
I perceive among my fellow -to?eri­ca ns, [formatting error, read Americans] but also angry at the pessimists who are attempting to brainwash us into [illegible
mark] Relieving [formatting error, read believing] that the status quo can only worsen. I am speaking of the ques­tion of American citizenship; of the
classification [illegible mark] of people into first and second class Americans according to whether they are WASP’s or “other.” I am appalled that in the case of
civil rights, instead of administering equality (which means equal rights distributed equally to all) we give more equality
to some than to others, or at least we c’jSrently [illegible mark, formatting error, read currently] are preoccupied with patting frselves [illegible mark, formatting
error, read ourselves] on the back as we complacently ie [formatting error, read dole] out justice and equality to one segment of society while ignoring the rest.

Some angels of mercy do not realize [illegible mark, formatting error, read that] while they are “healing” the fester­ing toe of a gangrenous leg, the entire leg
will soon rot off, along with the toe they are so busily attending to. Why do some Americans attack urgent problems piecemeal? What I mean is why define civil
rights as exclusively Negro i%hts? [illegible mark, formatting error, read rights] Why are they doing injustice to all of America’s minorities by ex­ploiting
Negroes as a placebo for all of America’s minority ills? Are they too blind to realize that persecution of the minorities has not [illegible mark, formatting
error, read yet] ceased? Do they think that anti-Semitic discrimination in country clubs is a figment of the imagination? Is prejudice against the American Indian
just a bad dream? Surely, discrimina­tion against Mexicans in California is just [illegible mark, formatting error, read an] ugly joke someone conjured up. Can't
these Americans realize that equality is equality [insert question mark, perhaps phrase "equality is not equity"] [Capital I] it Is neither tyran­ny of the majority
nor worship of the minority, and still less, worship of one minority over another. We are all of us Americans, whether naturalized or born Americans, hence, we are
all of us brothers. How can they separate us brothers by ignoring some of us? Peo­ple are still being called niggers. But let this not overshadow the fact that peo­ple are
still being called chinks, japs, polacks, spies and dagos. And why can’t my fellow whites rise above color.[replace with question mark] Don’t you fools realize
that even among whites we have various shades of white? Be proud not because of a meaningless skin pigmentation. [change to comma] Be proud because you are an
American. Forgive. [Italicize] Yes, forgive. Imagine how useless it would be if the Christians of today hated Italians because Christians of the past were thrown
to the lions in the coliseum. How useless and how frighteningly analogous it is to the racial situation today. Refusing to forgive and being chained to the past
strangles progress. I’m very glad that educational institu­tions are establishing black curricula, but Negroes should not view black his­tory as a thing which make [change
to makes] them different from white [change to whites]. It should be viewed as illus­trating how the black American helped shape America, just as he is now so
instrumental in shaping America into her true potential of becoming a true melting pot of love and equality. If only all Americans could join hands, this is
not an impossible dream, as opposed to the cryptic fore­bodings of the harbingers of pessimism. As for Sterling Tucker’s remark that Negroes should be given more and better
rights, that temporary prejudice in favor of the Negro is justified, [insert but] I again sadly shake my head at this. One evil does not justify another. This
country has no room for extremists. No room for prejudice of any kind. This country needs equality. We need to follow the beautiful golden mean of Aristotle,
for what tragedies and bloodbaths extremism has led to. How many bitter, blood-soaked mem­ories it has left in its wake? How many shattered lives? Remember Auschwitz.
Remember Jordan, now in this present day and age. As the Negro trainer of Negro Olympic gold medalist boxer, George Forman, said following Forman’s win: “We don’t
want no power, just United States power!” These are beautiful words. Please, please make them materialize!
Christina Maria T. Wagner
Junior
